---
title: "Poster"
bg: indigo
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
lang: en
display: true
---
<a name="poster"></a>

# Call for Posters

xSIG 2024 solicits poster presentations from a wide range (cross-SIG) fields of all sponsors and co-sponsors of xSIG.

- research of any stage, such as concept and problem presentation
- research presented at xSIG 2024 and SWoPP 2024 with an oral presentation.
- previously published research in other opportunities.
- introduction of research and development project.

We are planning to give poster awards for outstanding poster presentations to students. (Please note that authors already awarded for oral presentation papers of xSIG 2024 are ineligible for the poster awards) We hope various researchers, not limited to students and young researchers, have presentations here. xSIG 2024 encourages authors of oral presentations of xSIG 2024 and SWoPP 2024 to introduce their research again in the poster session for in-depth discussions.

If the number of submissions exceeds the available capacity, we might decline some posters of oral presentation papers at xSIG and SWoPP in order to provide presentation opportunities for more people. Also, we might decline out-of-scope posters from the xSIG interests.

The poster session will be provided only on-site at the xSIG/SWoPP venue.

Submission
--------------------

You have to enter the author information, title, and abstract of your poster. The abstract should be around 200-400 characters (in Japanese) or 100-200 words (in English). The title and author(s) will be listed on the xSIG website.

Submission System
--------------------

<a href="https://forms.gle/Nh1aDMS3U1TjhtLz8">Poster submission page</a>


Poster Presentation
--------------------

Present your poster in the xSIG 2024 poster session.
You will need to attach your poster (maximum size A0) to the board provided at the venue using thumbtacks.

Please also refer to <a href="https://www.google.co.jp/maps/@34.0752049,134.5461216,3a,75y,280.96h,79.81t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sAF1QipMMAnx3PA_q7ZEZyvp8RzEVSc_IHjoE1A0i5UwS!2e10!7i13312!8i6656">this page</a> to see what the poster venue will look like.

While we will not officially provide electronic versions of the posters, we plan to offer a space on the SWoPP Slack where presenters can upload their posters.


Poster schedule
--------------------

- Submission deadline: 23:59, July 9, 2024 (JST)
- Author notification: after July 10, 2024
- Poster session: 13:35-15:00, August 7, 2024 (JST)