---
title: "CFP"
bg: pink
color: black
fa-icon: check-square-o
lang: en
display: true
---

## Call for Papers

### Scope and Review Criteria

xSIG solicits contributions from a wide range of fields related to computing systems,
infrastructures, and programming, spanning all areas covered by the sponsoring special interest groups.
We welcome not only papers with original proposals or ideas but also papers reporting
the results of practical research and development.
All submitted papers will be reviewed by the Program Committee (PC) to select accepted papers and awards.
Moreover, we purpose the progression of the researches and fostering young researchers through the reviewing process.
We expect the reviewers to give not only the evaluation of the paper but also constructive
comment to advance the research.
We expect the author(s) to advance the research, and submit revised papers to international
conferences/journals in the near future.
To this end, we evaluate submitted papers from the view point not only of the quality
of the paper but also of the potential of the research.
The presentation quality is taken into account for the evaluation.


### Paper Format
Papers must be written in English or Japanese.
The restriction on the submitted paper is relaxed taking advantage of the characteristics that xSIG does not publish proceedings.
The paper format is not restricted. Not the number of pages but the number of words is limited.
The paper have to be approximately 4,000 to 8,000 words.
No limit for references. This would be 5 to 10 pages in 10pt, twocolumn styles.

### Submission System
We use EasyChair for paper submission.
- [Paper submission page](https://easychair.org/conference?conf=xsig2023)

## Awards

### Research Awards
We select one Best Research Award, and up to two Outstanding Research Awards.

### IEEE Computer Society Japan Chapter xSIG Young Researcher Award
We also selects one or a few IEEE Computer Society Japan Chapter xSIG Young Researcher Award from the papers of which the first authors are aged 40 and below.

### Student Awards
We also selects one Best { Undergraduate | Master’s } Student Award，and up to two Outstanding { Undergraduate | Master’s }
Student Awards from the papers of which the first authors are { undergraduate | master’s course } students.

### Student Awards for Criteria
We select Outstanding { Effort | Presentation | English } Awards from the papers of which the first authors are students at master’s course or below. Outstanding Effort Award recognizes time and effort for implementation, data acquisition, and so on.


## Young PC members

It is beneficial for young researchers to have experience of a PC member for their research and writing activity. We invite young researchers including students as Young PC members. A student who have had his/her submitted papers reviewed can be a young PC member. A submitted paper is assigned at most one young PC member along with regular PC members. A young PC member reviews the assigned paper, and participates in the discussion at the PC meeting. The regular PC members assigned to the paper and the PC are responsible for the final decision of paper acceptance.
If you are interested in, please contact to the [organizers](mailto:xsig2023-pc-core@googlegroups.com).

## Duplicated Submission

If a submitted paper and the following paper submitted by the same author or the same group of the authors as the submitted paper are determined identical by the program committee, the submission is regarded as duplicate, and is rejected:

- a paper under review process
- a paper accepted for reviewed publications with ISBN or ISSN

The identity is determined on the basis of the contents, not of the language, style, format, and so on.

If a submission is revealed to be duplicate after acceptance, the acceptance can be rescinded. However, submissions to international conferences or journals are not prohibited after the notification of acceptance.