---
title: "Poster"
bg: indigo
color: white
fa-icon: check-square-o
lang: en
display: true
---
<a name="poster"></a>

# Call for Posters

xSIG 2023 solicits poster presentations from a wide range (cross-SIG) fields of all sponsors and co-sponsors of xSIG.

- research of any stage, such as concept and problem presentation
- research presented at xSIG 2023 and SWoPP 2023 with an oral presentation.
- previously published research in other opportunities.
- introduction of research and development project.

We are planning to give poster awards for outstanding poster presentations to students.
(Please note that authors already awarded for oral presentation papers of xSIG 2023 are ineligible for the poster awards)
We hope various researchers, not limited to students and young researchers, have presentations here.
xSIG 2023 encourages authors of oral presentations of xSIG 2023 and SWoPP 2023 to introduce their research again in the poster session for in-depth discussions.

Note that the poster session will be provided only on-site at the xSIG/SWoPP venue.

If the number of submissions exceeds the available capacity, we might decline some posters of oral presentation papers at xSIG and SWoPP in order to provide presentation opportunities for more people. Also, we might decline out-of-scope posters from the xSIG interests.

Submission
--------------------

You have to enter the author(s), title, and abstract of your poster. The abstract should be around 200-400 characters (in Japanese) or 100-200 words (in English).
The title and author(s) will be listed on the xSIG website.


Submission System
--------------------
We use EasyChair for poster submission.
- [Poster submission page](https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=xsig2023)

Electronic poster (only applicant)
--------------------

You can provide an electronic poster to conference attendees during the conference.
If you wish, please submit the electronic version of your poster on EasyChair by the deadline.

Poster presentation
--------------------

Present your poster in the xSIG 2023 poster session.
If you want to have a demonstration (or something), please contact us in advance.

The size of the poster board is 176cm (height) x 116cm (width).
Because the surface of the board is brushed fabric, the poster should be pinned by using velcro tape (magic tape).

Poster schedule
--------------------

- Submission deadline: 23:59, July 4, 2023 (JST)
- Author notification: July 7, 2023 (JST)
- Electronic poster upload deadline (only applicant): 23:59, July 28 (JST)
- Poster session: August 2 - 4, 2023 (TBA)

