---
title: "About"
bg: white
color: black
lang: en
display: true
---
# xSIG 2025

**xSIG** (**cross**-disciplinary workshop on computing **S**ystems, **I**nfrastructures, and programmin**G**)
is a workshop from 2017,
inheriting the tradition of JSPP，SACSIS，and ACSI. It solicits
contributions from a wide range of fields related to computing systems,
infrastructures, and programming, spanning all areas covered by the
sponsoring special interest groups (cross-SIG).

The main objectives of xSIG are to provide a forum to present and
discuss research ideas among researchers spanning many fields and to
raise young researchers through a globally standard peer review process.
In particular,

- We hope authors of xSIG workshop to advance their research based on
  feedback received and step up to submitting their work to
  international conferences and journals. We do not publish
  workshop proceedings. The papers presented in xSIG will be available
  only to the audience during the workshop. For those who want to
  publish their work, we collaborate with IPSJ Transactions on ACS for
  Special Issue on xSIG.

- We hope to give authors substantial feedback as well as a place for
  young researchers to practice/improve writing papers for review,
  through the globally standard conference format of submitting papers
  for review, receiving/writing reviews, discussing papers in the
  program committee meeting, etc. For this, we establish
  Young Program Committee alongside the regular Program
  Committee and welcome the participation of young researchers
  including students to it, for "an early exposure" of motivated
  students to peer review work normally done by senior researchers.

- We award many students.

From 2020, xSIG is co-located with SWoPP event (Summer United Workshops
on Parallel, Distributed and Cooperative Processing), in which many SIGs
on computing systems held workshops.

## Dates and Venue

- Date: Aug. 6, 2025 in [SWoPP2025](https://sites.google.com/site/swoppweb/)
- Venue: [Sunport Hall Takamatsu](https://www.sunport-hall.jp/), Takamatsu-shi, Kagawa

## Important Dates

- ~~Mar. 11, 2025~~ Mar. 18, 2025, 17:00 JST: Paper registration due (firm)
- ~~Mar. 18, 2025~~ Mar. 25, 2025, 17:00 JST: Paper upload due (firm)
- Apr. 29, 2025: Author notification
- Jun. 30, 2025: Poster submission due
- Jul.  1, 2025: Author notification (poster)
- Aug. 4-6, 2025: SWoPP 2025 (xSIG is held on Aug. 6)

## About the fees of xSIG

Until xSIG 2024, we have operated the xSIG using the surplus funds of its predecessor, SACSIS.
However, since the surplus has been almost completely used up, we would like to ask sponsors and accepted authors to gradually cover the costs of the xSIG.
We plan to require payment of 10,000 yen per acceptance via IPSJ My Page.
We would appreciate your cooperation in ensuring the continued implementation of the xSIG.
