---
title: "CFP"
bg: pink
color: black
fa-icon: check-square-o
lang: en
display: true
---

## Call for Papers

### Scope and Review Criteria

xSIG solicits contributions from a wide range of fields related to computing systems,
infrastructures, and programming, spanning all areas covered by the sponsoring special interest groups.
We welcome not only papers with original proposals or ideas but also papers reporting
the results of practical research and development.
All submitted papers will be reviewed by the Program Committee (PC) to select accepted papers and awards.
Moreover, we purpose the progression of the researches and fostering young researchers through the reviewing process.
We expect the reviewers to give not only the evaluation of the paper but also constructive
comment to advance the research.
We expect the author(s) to advance the research, and submit revised papers to international
conferences/journals in the near future.
To this end, we evaluate submitted papers from the view point not only of the quality
of the paper but also of the potential of the research.
The presentation quality is taken into account for the evaluation.

### Paper Format

The restriction on the submitted paper is relaxed taking advantage of the characteristics that xSIG does not publish proceedings. See <a href="#format-e">HERE</a> for further details.

### Submission System

We use EasyChair for paper submission.

<!--
- <a href="https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=xsig2025">Paper submission page</a>
-->

### Deadline

- Mar. 10, 2026, 17:00 JST: Paper registration due
- Mar. 17, 2026, 17:00 JST: Paper upload due

## Awards

### Research Awards

We select one Best Research Award, and up to two Outstanding Research Awards.

### IEEE Computer Society Japan Chapter xSIG Young Researcher Award

We also selects one or a few IEEE Computer Society Japan Chapter xSIG Young Researcher Award from the papers of which the first authors are aged 40 and below.

### Student Awards

<!-- We also selects one Best { Undergraduate | Master's } Student Award，and up to two Outstanding { Undergraduate | Master's } Student Awards from the papers of which the first authors are { undergraduate | master's course } students. -->
We also selects one Best Undergraduate/Master's Student Award，and up to two Outstanding Undergraduate/Master's Student Awards from the papers of which the first authors are undergraduate/master's course students.

### Student Awards for Criteria

We select the following awards from papers where the first author is a student at master's course or below (at the time of submission), and commend the first author as the recipient.
- Outstanding Effort Award (up to around 3 papers) - Recognizes the time and effort invested in implementation, data acquisition, or other technical contributions to the paper.
- Outstanding Presentation Award (up to around 1 paper) - Recognizes clarity in explaining the paper and the soundness of its logical argument.
- Outstanding English Award (up to around 1 paper) - Recognizes excellent English writing.

## Young PC members

It is beneficial for young researchers to have experience of a PC member for their research and writing activity. We invite young researchers including students as Young PC members. A student who have had his/her submitted papers reviewed can be a young PC member. A submitted paper is assigned at most one young PC member along with regular PC members. A young PC member reviews the assigned paper, and participates in the discussion at the PC meeting. The regular PC members assigned to the paper and the PC are responsible for the final decision of paper acceptance.
If you are interested in, please contact to the [organizers](mailto:xsig2026-pc-core@googlegroups.com) by March 10, 2026 (JST).

## Duplicated Submission

If a submitted paper and the following paper submitted by the same author or the same group of the authors as the submitted paper are determined identical by the program committee, the submission is regarded as duplicate, and is rejected:

- a paper under review process
- a paper accepted for reviewed publications with ISBN or ISSN

The identity is determined on the basis of the contents, not of the language, style, format, and so on.

If a submission is revealed to be duplicate after acceptance, the acceptance can be rescinded. However, submissions to international conferences or journals are not prohibited after the notification of acceptance.
